hey guys Harris here and this is the LG
g4 it's running android 5.1 with LG's
skin on top and whether you like it or
not it does have some cool software
features and here are my top five
favorite so I'm at number five is a
feature that makes good use of the rear
facing buttons and it's pretty simple
that will press the down volume button
to take you to the camera and double
press the up volume button to get to the
pretty cool quickmemo+ app where you can
take notes drawl or writer message or
even color in take screenshots number
four is the smart settings now the smart
settings allow you to set predetermined
actions on your g4 following a certain
command for instance you can set your g4
to open the music app following the
insertion of headphones and again is
another simple one but it's pretty cool
and convenient and it's something that
you don't really think about but just
kind of does on its own and it's cool
number three is the keyboard I really
like it because of the sheer amount of
customization options you can add or
remove numbers above the keyboard change
the color change the landscape keyboard
design turn-on split keyboard turn on
one-handed operation change the height
change the color and a variety of other
options and I think I just had changed
the color twice and it's really one of
my favorite keyboards that I've used on
any Android phone you can really
customize it more than I've seen on any
other skin or any other device and if
you're somebody that really wants to
make the keyboard theirs
this is a great way to do it without
even adding any third party keyboards
number two is the camera not only is
there a pretty simple and clean
interface but there are a few nifty
features on the front-facing side you
can use hand gestures to take shots and
you can even have a front-facing flash
similar to that on snapchat my favorite
feature would be the manual mode on the
rear facing camera because it allows you
to perfect your shot with near DSLR
controls and you can also shoot in RAW
which is definitely cool and my favorite
feature is another feature that isn't
new to the g4 but it's not code not code
is a super stealthy way to unlock your
phone it uses a quadrant system and
designed to recognize a pattern of taps
and unlock your phone but the cool part
is that you can do this with the screen
off and nobody would even know what you
just did
it's fast it's convenient and it's
definitely very cool so those are my
favorite features of the Optimus UI on
top of android 5.1 with the LG g4 let me
know any other features ug4 users liked
and I'm afraid to leave this video a
like as I put a lot of time into these
you can follow me on Twitter and
Instagram with the links below and I
will see you in the next video